MGDSTRM-9258: remove topic config default settings and minIsr (#51)
bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/kas-broker-plugins: README.adoc

|kas.policy.create-topic.partition-counter.private-topic-prefix |Specifies the prefix used to match against topic name to detect private/internal topics. |""
|kas.policy.create-topic.partition-counter.schedule-interval-seconds |Specifies the interval (in seconds) between partition counts. |15
|kas.policy.create-topic.partition-limit-enforced |`true` enables the enforcement of the partition limit. |false
|kas.policy.topic-config.enforced |Specifies a mapping between a topic policy key and a value. The property is expressed as a comma separated list of `key:value` pairs where the key and value are separated by  a `:`. Hence the it takes the form `keyA:value1,keyB:value2`. |[]
|kas.policy.topic-config.mutable |Specifies which properties of topic are allowed to be configured. It's a comma separated list. The configs in `kas.policy.topic-config.enforced` and `kas.policy.topic-config.range config` will be considered as mutable configs by default. |[]

> |kas.policy.topic-config.range |Specifies a mapping from config key to an inclusive/closed range of values. Entries are formatted as a triplet using `:` as a separator, `key:min:max` where either min or max are optional implying a single bound as appropriate. Multiple triplets are comma separated. For example  `configA:minA:maxA,configB:minB:maxB,...`. |[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|kas.policy.topic-config.range |Specifies a mapping from config key to an inclusive/closed range of values. Entries are formatted as a triplet using `:` as a separator, `key:min:max` where either min or max are optional implying a single bound as appropriate. Multiple triplets are comma separated. For example  `configA:minA:maxA,configB::maxB,configC:minC::,...`. |[]
```

I think its worth adding clear(?) examples of all config formats here given there is no default to verify against.

Author: Agree!
